Add documentation with recommendations for component customization (#104)
consul/docs: english-documentation/customization/components.md

# Components

> For components, customization can be used to change both the logic (included in a `.rb` file) and the view (included in a `.erb` file). If you only want to customize the logic for, let's say, the `Admin::TableActionsComponent`, add a file to `app/components/custom/admin/table_actions_component.rb` with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For components, customization can be used to change both the logic (included in a `.rb` file) and the view (included in a `.erb` file). If you only want to customize the logic for, let's say, the `Admin::TableActionsComponent`, create a file named `app/components/custom/admin/table_actions_component.rb` with the following content:
```
